Release 0.6.0 (#902)
publiccodenet/standard: criteria/use-plain-english.md

* Frequently test with policy makers and managers if they understand what you are delivering and how you document it.
* Ask someone outside of your context if they understand the content (for example, a developer working on a different codebase).

<p style="page-break-after: always;"></p>
## Further reading

> * Text of the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1, Guideline 3.1 Readable](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#readable) by W3C, make text content readable and understandable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Meeting the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1, Guideline 3.1 Readable](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#readable) by W3C makes text content readable and understandable.
```

> * [European Union accessibility directive](https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/web-accessibility) by the European Commission, is an example of regulation requiring high accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The[European Union accessibility directive](https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/web-accessibility) by the European Commission, is an example of regulation requiring high accessibility.
```
